Specify that appservice login and register fail on incorrect as_tokens (#1744)
matrix-org/matrix-spec: content/application-service-api.md

`M_EXCLUSIVE` error code, but only if the application service has
defined the namespace as `exclusive`.

> If either endpoint is called with the `m.login.application_service` login type,

Reviewer: Might help to be a bit more explicit

```suggestion
If `/register` or `/login` is called with the `m.login.application_service` login type,
```

but without a valid `as_token`, the endpoints will return an error with the

> `M_MISSING_TOKEN` or `M_UNKNOWN_TOKEN` error code.

Reviewer: should we specify the HTTP error code? 401?

Author: Specified 401 and also added a link to the C-S spec which has the same code
